Today we'll be testing shotgun slugs that resemble miniature tank rounds more than they do shotgun slugs
Regular viewers may recognize the heavy hitter slugs from previous tests, but based on those tests
This slug has been redesigned to make it more accurate and stable in flight
But the most exciting part about these, these actually go boom when they hit the target
Now the new slug design looks very similar to the old one
The new one is on the right and you could see that he has shifted the center of gravity a little more forward
the fins are a little bit flatter and the overall height of the slug is a little bit shorter and
It's a little tweaks like this that can make the difference between success and failure in the aerodynamics of a slug
Now the all these tweaks were have done without sacrificing really any weight these things still weigh almost 42 grams or
close to one and a half ounces or
645 grains
Ouch, now these are not a solid slug. They have a pretty sizable cavity in there for a little 12-gauge slug
so what they want to do is fill that void with a
trinary or binary compound and use one of those 22 caliber uh nail gun blanks or powder-actuated tool blanks as
The contact fuse. it's crazy, It's crazy
Welcome back
Jeff and Danny here
You guys remember the heavy hitters if you've watched the previous videos of them well, they sent us some new stuff and
He says he's got a noisemaker of some sort in it. We're not sure because we don't know what it is so we can't say
but
We've got a box full of them here. We're gonna see what kind of surprises he's got in store for us
so
We're gonna load them up here in the Benelli when you get the rifle choke on there. Yes. All right
Since it's always better to be safe than sorry
We wrapped the breech of the shotgun with a Kevlar body armor panel just in case the breach happens, too
let go
The first target is a gas bottle. It's made out of steel and it's filled with water
Now the accuracy was pretty good considering the goofy setup
we had to shoot these from. But look at that energy rip the top off it, it blew the valve off and
the base was as shattered as the
cylinder expanded in all directions
so far the tests are going really well.
Little bit different than the last time we shot one of these tanks
This one
Blew the valve and ripped the handle off. Jeez
Blind aiming it wasn't too bad. Broke that little plastic base thing. But this time
No exit wound
Get a few dents. Okay. So did come through and hit it hard, but I don't have to.
And inside the slug is just
turned into.
This is what we found inside a
Piece of the
brass. I couldn't tell if the thing had a report or not
If it did it was muffled in the water. Yeah. So we'll shoot a hard target with him and yeah see what we get out of it
Okay, I'm ready when you are
Ho! Okay
[Laughter]
You don't see that very often, huh.
We brought up the frame of the Kronos high-speed camera to eighty eight hundred frames a second and
look at that slug stability the rifle choke gave it just enough spin and
Look at that accuracy almost dead on on that little sticker
Normally a slug will just drive itself into the wood and not split it like that
So this gives you an idea how much energy these things have on impact
Definitely blew up
[Laughter]
It blow'd up good. Hey we can see a piece of lead down in there so we're gonna open it up
in front of all of you
Was that bout where the sticker was?
Think it was. Oh look at that. It's all charred
Charred, there's a piece of our.
Oh.
Well
Is it hot? Are you burning yourself? Naw.
I'm tougher than somebody
Yeah
'Bout all we can find here there was a couple of fragments on the ground and on the table and
Nothing us. So that's good. Yeah, none in us.
Open up pretty good cavity there. Yeah, it's it's not very often we see a slug split a big old piece of wood like that
Not bad
So they seem to be working or whatever
Yeah, I don't want you hit by it no, okay, let's shoot that big ugly block of gel with it. All right
Haven't seen any flashes or anything yet. So it'll be interesting. Okay. I'm ready when you are
Well, no test is complete without a failure, this one the
Contact fuse was knocked out of the nose from the inertia
We spilled a little bit of that compound and nothing really happened
Except when a one and a half once slug strikes a fleshy material like our ballistic booger
things happen
Okay now Danny recast the lead plate. Thank You Danny
Nice and fresh
25 pounds of lead. Let's see what this will do to the
do to that sucker. Okay. I'm ready when you ever you are
Yes, sir
What you're about to see is the most impressive lead plate shot we've ever recorded so far
This slug left a cavity measuring two inches across or around five centimeters
huge cavity from a small 12 gauge slug
You ruined the the pristine new plate put a dent in her. Bits of lead. That's
Uh
That's deeper than the Russian ones yeah buy a little more than just the tip
Look at the back side, though
Yep, that thing's thick
Didn't quite crack it but it sure bulged it. Yeah.
All blackened and everything. Okay, that's good
Okay, well we moved the target to 50 yards, so maybe we can actually hear the the
Report over the shotgun shot noise, you know
We're shooting at a big
cement concrete type
paving stone
paver
See if Danny can hit these, hit that at 50 yards
And what effect it will have on it? Okay, I'm ready whenever you are. Okay.
Yeah, yeah definitely
Now 50 yards is probably getting close to the maximum effective range of these slugs
the shot was just a couple inches to the left, but still a very impressive shot by Danny and
Look at that devastation and you're probably saying that things got to be illegal. It's got to be a destructive device
but according to the ATF a destructive device has to have a quarter ounce or more of
Compound in it and these only have one or two grams in it
I'm not going to put the puzzle back together.
Suffice it to say they did hit, it hard, definitely got a little rapport and a bit of a flash out of it
now in order to give you an idea how far Jerry link was the designer of these slugs has come in improving the
aerodynamics of these will shoot an old type at
50 yards and show you how those perform.
50 yards at the G.O.A.T.S. AR 500 target should be interesting.
I bet he'll knock it over ha ha. Are you ready?
Okay, I'm ready
Boy, you can hear that thing fly
Now as you can see the old design definitely had some aerodynamic problems this slug is
Just flip-flopping through the air doesn't know which direction to point itself
Surprisingly Danny still hit the target at that range. And of course the contact fuse was in the wrong orientation
And nothing really happened
Okay, take another 50-yard shot at the AR 500 plate
Okay, I'm ready when you are
Now as you can see the new design tweaks definitely have helped the accuracy and stability of these slugs
Now these rank up there is some of the coolest and most fun shotgun slugs we've ever shot
Hopefully these will be available soon. They'll get approval to sell these crazy things and you could buy them too
Where do you find them? Well, they're gonna be available at war wolf ordinance
And you've seen some of the stuff we've tested some of the coolest exotic shotgun ammo out there
Hope you enjoyed watching this. We had a lot of fun making it and we want to thank our generous
patreon supporters for making this video possible to you guys